1. I would say that my proudest professional achievement to date was landing my internship at Florida Blue. I was a little nervous when beginning the process because I knew it was an
extremely competitive internship program. That being said, I told myself to be confident and eventually ended up landing the position. I was extremely proud of myself when I got the news,
and am very happy it ended up working out because I learned a lot of valuable skills during my internship at Florida Blue.

2. I guess this is more than just one single thing I have read recently, but over the past few months I have been doing research into cryptocurrency during the majority
of my spare time. I continue to be amazed at all of the different projects and technologies that are being developed in the space, and it is nothing like I was picturing it
would be when I first began my research. I personally think cryptocurrency is still in its infancy stages and will continue to grow and flourish throughout the years and become
a part of everyone's lives. It reminds me of when the internet first began (not that I was around then!), because people were very hesitant to adopt the internet due to being too
confusing, or whatever their reasons may have been. However, once more advances were made in the space and it became more accessible, it eventually led to mass adoption and I think
we will see that same sort of trend with cryptocurrencies. I highly reccomend anyone to do their own research, you will be amazed at what you find!

3. Availity is a company that provides health insurance companies with state of the art services for a multitude of things. This includes an online portal where individuals
can submit claims, check eligibility, and do pretty much anything else they desire in regards to their insurance. Availity also provides revenue cycle management solutions as
well as patient access management. All of Availity's solutions are designed to give the patient and the insurance companies a much better experience.